feat(curriculum): add tailwind CTA component workshop to main (#61013)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/workshop-tailwind-cta-component/6858ebf2552046ab3de9f17c.md

---
id: 6858ebf2552046ab3de9f17c
title: Step 7
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-7
---

# --description--

At this point, you'll notice there's too much space to the right of the content in the `div`. You can minimize this by adding a width.

Add the class `md:w-1/2` to the `div` to reduce the width to 50% on medium and larger screens. That is, screens that are 768 pixels and up.

> To see that in effect, expand the freeCodeCamp built-in browser.

Reviewer: I would call it preview tab
```suggestion
To see that in effect, expand the preview tab.
```
